okay so this is gonna be about
approximately how it would just work so
say approximately because nothing okay
so first of all your reviews I give us
you probably see in this screen let's
say you're a pilot a professor just runs
command get very very end you see this
they call to see I need to contact
points to file you've probably seen it
in a path with this we're gonna gate
we're URL you didn't get files by
reading again command okay
this hawk is going to cover how we
import files name files find files and
then fetch files the network when your
important file is there a bunch of steps
one is to chunk the file in smaller
pieces one is then take these pieces and
like actually compiling files and
directories and then find that we encode
these files and Directory objects in a
data storage system called IP LD then
when naming files we use GNU and
continent needs to actually refer to the
pieces of data we use paths to describe
extra metadata about this about these
user data we're dressing as if we have
another simplified DNS for immutable
names so a cover this bit later but you
know because all content is addressed by
cache and that means you can't change
the content so we could system for
energy like we do do a new piece of
content and everyone change the contents
would usually go copy up right next you
actually find the content in this
involves some overcrowding or content
routing we use it the used to eat
specifically academia finally you need
to fetch it and for that to be cycled
that's wrong actually before we move on
using these three logos at the bottom
basically everything on this summing so
on your left side of the screen is ideal
the areas like that's like data
structure system we use everything on
the right side you just look a tepee
that's the networking system and then
the bottom that's the whole perform
logo all these system these multi parts
and glue themselves together point out
how these things work
presentation progresses okay the first
thing we do is we chunk the edge so they
start with a continuous final and a very
small pieces we did this for a
deduplication to allow for piecewise
transfer and Duloc we're seeking oh and
also each chunk is occurs okay first of
all T duplication you can import a file
we may end up seeing that paly two
pieces are the same piece its case that
you want to be super same with there
because we took this like this we can
actually just not store the second piece
unless or the Emergencies at once second
whole piece wise transfer I can keep on
fetching pieces and then immediately
notice but that's the entire thing that
this piece is back so they can go goes
up here and actually find the new copy
that he's the correct piece if I just
have to like fetch the entire thing then
affecting everything else oh this is not
for a thing throw it away that's another
entire large file your side no that's
not the right thing throw it away this
case I can give them like each little
piece and it's like learn early whether
or not the times the right thing
finally chunking allows is to seek in a
file so it means instead of us having to
download the entire file use a teaspoon
want we can just as if like hassle these
two don't care about and find a piece we
want okay
UNIX effects so now we have this file
and it's been chomped into little pieces
but that doesn't really give us a file
system that's the first thing we need to
do is create and actually continue this
file a lot of these pieces that you've
just broken up for that we create a
single unit those file it's actually
it's a purple tree where you have nodes
in Basin zelich well bytes 0 through 20
are on this side in this case the bytes
here through 200 on the side 0 through
200 to 350 on the side and then again
there's your 100 100 through 200 etc
a miracle tree is just the tree of
hashes pointed at that point to other
ideas I use Akash's really be more with
them but probably using the word here
Ian because that's how their was built
on trees I actually like them these are
trivial tubercle jagged it's imperfect
in a cyclic graph so remember how many
can you duplicate data by chunking we
don't actually store the tree like this
instead we just like store one copy of
the large blog and then like the
intermediate this one over here actually
points back to the original worth blog
for the boys you'll see this data go
over the place it's confusing to people
but like we do call this out because a
tree can't have it have two two pointers
at a point the same thing or two I it
just pointed same thing a dagger to
write this graph account okay now that
we've create the file we need to action
video directory we do this by this
mapping file names two files again music
actions
verbal links so appreciate for finally
we need to actually look at Steve
greatest logical structure using hashes
and bobs of data and data structures we
can actually encoded somehow transfer
Network sort on disk talk about it so my
god for that musical ability I know
these come about me metaphor understand
a encoding marketing data structures we
use in that BFS but we also have a can
use I peeled a to understand it gets
interfering because it also murkland
data structures basically I believe it's
a verb typing or hadn't been a metadata
to perfectly the type of is like Haley
this is a gift time this is an
this is the nithy ring Doug and like as
you use I really didn't walk these data
structures
you remember though I'm like this is the
tears are for me this is the context of
in so you can like remember how to and
find the next piece or understand the
different pieces so just a diamond a bit
more to what level he is the name comes
from in Japan greatly data so if you're
familiar with massive linked data is
actually originally a case and
vertically but the original concept was
to use the URLs like you'd have some
decent object and it completing some of
the j-stop there's no URL and that other
you could put another just are confusing
the problem with this is that
URLs have an authority and then
authority in this case a comm can change
what it wants to you don't want that we
don't want to trust anyone
so ideally uses fashions so instead of
having to be rel usually equals an
action hash points into the Roger it's
also a mutable - okay now we finished up
with internal data structures banana
chocolate how do we actually gain things
the system so we now have all these like
objects that are restored my ability I
may need to be able to talk about them
and pass the round the network but if
you sign called cm IDs for content
identifiers
loosing two examples of see enemies
there the first one is a CMU public used
to the second one is the sort of new
style of cid that we aren't using very
frequently yet yeah actually we use it
for content dressing that is a I
basically it's just enhanced with a bit
of extra minute and this is how many
every single piece of
okay first of all why do we use dashes
oh you heard why do you see if he's in
half is like they're a verifiable
immutable and trustless permanent so
like if I haven't see it in point
somebody it'll always point to that same
thing you might have know people who
find it so this is whenever I say
permanent I don't mean like the data is
always gonna be there I just mean it
like my name for that data is always
gonna point to the same data and like
the data can't change someone else can't
just like replace it's like oh this is
the thing you wanted no I can tell
exactly what I wanted if I got back the
birthday so that means like this is a
picture and if I'm a pretty good picture
- weird and good by the same picture I
don't get division my other cat who's
less friendly more friendly okay person
coming back is content dressing person's
location aggressive okay
so content identifiers address content
by content not by where it is is it
genders but what it is not where it is
this is important for ifs because then
it could be any more networking fashion
for men here's you don't to say trust
them yeah both now we're gonna do what
exactly that is what the distinction is
okay sure dressing I can say I can't
cause he isn't there get someone
happened say go up into my account
content dressing this is my god that's
really difference we're computer system
describes thing you're looking for
okay she doesn't tell us what we're
finding okay so what was the problem
occasion rest well like I can say go
here if I might have but what if you
find this guy you don't know that's not
the right cap because it will define the
cap right there you found the cat you
give me the cat you gave me the wrong
cap important you can't know that
so that's what we use look at your
content dressing because like if I just
give you the picture of my camera then
you can look at the picture the cab of
the car give me the credit cap you know
that you're actually giving you the red
cap second aggression a bit of metadata
this one we will skip through pretty
quickly because it's it has a lot of
details this is
multiple answer so remember how I said
that CI neocon identifier is 1/2 wasn't
that metadata
this is section working discuss little
bit first of all we have two types of
schedules we have C 0 C 2 D 1 you don't
have to get too much into this but
basically CDP's there is the old form of
cid so that when they actually use most
frequently at the moment
see you baby one is new form of CID it
has even formatted it could really
didn't have nothing to give me 0 DB 0
has only one piece of in it and that is
C they deserve what they are suppose to
stick with that promote they actually
just a special hash ever think of this
type of hash them use then it wasn't
have to digest and something about the
most like to enact did no it's the type
of attachment used to produce an heir
scientist see adv one is a multi base
encoded I feel before mat molding are
stable ok for full of addition just
covered this whole dance it's all
describing maps I just basically and
give you the hashed I just and b5 output
actually use that so shop sits out but I
and then like a number it's a multi
phone arc to indicate which function we
use this way like I can cite you shot 3
or shop 3 or stop whatever they want to
in the future and I think you'll know
which one I'm using because I concluded
in the hash itself but your talk was
like a multi couldn't did you explain it
is that a multi good at using non-metric
network so often are based on these new
magic numbers did like are used to
indicate various things various file
types like you ever sorry you're trying
to figure out what type of file
something is on your desk
windows uses extensions but actually
like Mac OS and Linux these single magic
numbers
where there was like reefer she bites
the file and see it like the bite unit
first bites match someone known prefix
for some pop to the bottom but
fortunately there's no tipping sorry
there are tables these but they aren't
like decided to have time to just like
sort of random earth people just hope
that these magic number so much to each
other
and a lot of times it's just like a lot
of guessing of all basically multi codec
is trying to avoid this where basically
we've created this massive table of non
magic numbers that we are pre allocating
and like keeping track of so the legacy
for every single concept we have we can
just assign a number so in our case like
we have numbers for multi hashes for
multi matter or addressing systems we
have codecs for our civilzation formats
everything so basically whatever we can
with some new concept that we want to
like give a short name to we just create
a number stick at the table we're done
okay final piece here all day base to
get deep into this so basically if we go
back to see any p0 if you look at Z to
be 0 or always starts with Q M something
find something you also notice that in
capitals and Lord is there this is not
level browsers and we realize that
actually you know what certain contexts
will need to use one basically put in
the context we need to use another base
encoding but we need to actually able to
tell which basically we're using so this
is revolt against Canada kind of like
multinationals of the format's or all
the moments we use the prefix to tell
you what type of basically music so in
this case if you see a premise on you'll
know it is encoded using face 32 if you
see a Z you'll know to put it using
Facebook da if you see a few loads you
could use base 16 you also may notice
that McBee
is a valid character in basically 2z is
about character
and episode character convey 16 so
basically these are just social
describing basic code instruments okay
actually this is the final one
finally I Billy I say so remember in CID
who wanted how I said that it's a multi
based encoded now we use the boulder is
prefix and then some basic code of thing
to both my ability format and multi hash
the ability for map tells us how we
included the data that the function so
the whole thing I told us like which
data we're talking about this especially
content they I believe format as part of
this tells us that how to understand the
D that we are wanting to that's it it's
like we have one for some objects one
get object over here blocks at your
transactions by Kiehl's s files all
these different formats okay that was a
lot of details you fell asleep please
bake back up move on the only reason I
brought that up is like those are a lot
of really cool part is you should look
at okay so you may notice that is use
has we don't use URLs most part of them
say like something colon slash slash
something else or something : something
else we don't do that because like URLs
passed a namespace but unlike hero's
transform cursive so notice then on the
right hand side we have a / TX left
github comm port number 5's state's not
kidding this is a way to describe you
get URL for
the second version is how you actually
describe this thing normal that using
New York dollar but in case you use it
kind of you have to give this a get +
ssh because you can't compose multiple
verticals that path was actually
composed protocols so this is why he is
not this has been a very contentious
issues if I bring it up but we use them
because they want to go up like a bed
protocol with the protocol protocol run
protocol protocol protocol but to do
this with a URL you'd have to like
create these long strings like X plus y
plus Z and then like I visited forum for
every single combination okay
the final part of naming is I minutes
this is actually our naming system ie an
S stands for the interplanetary news
it's so I Venus allows you to map the
public key towpath and then way this
works is basically taking your the
packet right amount to and you take your
public key and a private key and then
you use your your private key to sign
the Matthew what you do then these
publish the little fella
hey this is like this is the kind of
this publicly currently wants to then if
you want to update it so I guess
updating you just signing the record and
Lisa you actually put additional
sequence numbers and like this is
version 2 you know you can say this is 3
per support etc finally - this initial
point of arbitrate paths so I can use my
pianist point that I made us I think if
you're a user to point to swarm I could
use it to point to you think anytime
they wanted so it's not assisting
specific as Jennifer was cool if you've
ever used or copies a Guinness needs it
it's slow but it doesn't work I'm sorry
this is actually one with a DHT it's a
system we currently use for resolving I
can't as bad as we're working on it
proving that it's not an inherent issue
happiness itself ok now that we've
covered how to import files how to name
files
finally gets talked about
the design equation now I'm going to
actually find the file and then download
zip' first of all probably finding the
file we use a sudden isn't called
gravity content routing basically we
take a CIE
and into translocation risk so we talked
all about a highlight we don't use
locate your asses well that's not
actually true we actually have to use
chicken in case you know stairs find the
content but we start with a content
address and then use a grounding system
to do what to work to actually find out
the set of people that currently have so
because we're using content dresses it
means that this set can change it also
needs to know what the trust agents so
we'll find is that people that claim to
have a file and they'll pass them to the
file and we can verify they give it back
by 5:00 okay so how do we actually do
this well we keep running it it's quite
simple we just have a massive table of
this pure has this thing the spirit
business paintbrushes
this thing is held by this set of years
this thing is held by interviews so I'm
trying to find in this case you have art
takes the ID I was right kid let's say
okay who has it and it says it's a bit
of a problem in this up you're pretty
big a single peer can't easily hold this
Brown table maybe at the moment they
could buy in the future they won't be
able to do that so we have to figure out
like how do we do this Master Brown
cable them where we have to store to do
that we're using all those distributed
hash table and you take the router table
and distribute it amongst all peers and
efforts so instead of copying like
everyone know who has one body or my
handsome no problem here how do you know
who's what piece around it so Mike yes I
can take this right a bit looking
breaking pieces give it up so much
people but now like you have the same
problem where you don't know where to go
sir before you know who do that are
content now you don't know who the grass
before the beast around you
we need to find that piece of pair of
the continent so we solve this using CAD
Emily now this is pretty common in your
business systems basically is
tremendously she should be driving
people so dude was like giving up one
piece one person what meets another
person piece of the person you like
based on the graphing record like based
on the piece of content you're trying to
perfect they're trying to member who has
what we supported based on the content
some pure honest you find the others
responsible for remembering who has that
content and you tell that peer is like
okay so like you have some piece of
content if you want to you find the peer
there's responsible remembering who
asked you who you tell them I have
killed them they've tried money kill
them foo you find if you're responsible
for every us computer and as Cuba and
they tell you some or usually a lot of
people ok now we're looking into torrent
how he'll know works because it's a bit
complicated and you give me paper but
I'm gonna give it a quick overview of
the general idea
Gemma is based on two key features a
distance metric and a query algorithm
first of all this semester is let's
utility is this peer closer or is this
your closer to some Iza project yes
these competency you have a px and wife
tells you which peer is closer to the
content the second piece of content
layout is occurring over the query
algorithm allowed me to use a distance
vendor to get so the peers that are
closest to the content
basically it's kind of like coming at
compass the weights of the content and
then how are we totally gonna walk to a
book Emily is specifically he uses a
symmetric XOR of a hash of the content
and the actual appear too much but if I
really eat the number did it basically
hold is probably the next piece is the
query alpha which is pretty simple
you a suppose appears to the quantity
know about which meal to go through and
make it you said appears of closer now
you know close to here to the content
and you go ask them any combined two
minutes it'll be how to chase need
property really everyone remembers
appears of next to them and then peers
early early happy for the cap refer
they're getting have to go there again
the cool thing about this this is the
cool thing about this is like that means
like when I'm trying to find content I
can always get halfway close reach times
like the first top logo probably cross
never defined appears like a closer next
time those beers will tell me about
peers that are can have my closer then
the peers I like those next beers will
make and it appears the closer I get it
I get it again oh if you want to learn
more about this I highly suggest you
from paper you deeper goal definitely a
paper
okay it's fine it's one this is what we
have actually finished it yeah so we've
covered how do we actually take the
dated or they top you best how do we
talk about the data might be fascinating
okay fine how can actually like a Spears
but it used to get so look at soft works
is using want lists the one list is
literally just listen and you want so in
this case one of my fantasies he wants
cue a personal space Gillen pervert I
mean what am i cats my other cat Ozzie
once yeah couples blood and whether you
is it big of house list and they tell
everyone else Mel's listing certain
things they want looks like all they're
connected and that is the step so now
this swamp the what lists now no easy
determines what the chance
awesome determines what he has easy
realized very busy has blood food the
food she's trying to meet the Aussies I
was killing and so then they send these
files its pieces the files to each other
then they proxies up there one list one
interesting property but let's watch
does he don't actually like it's not a
request a system you don't ask for
something and then get a response back
it said you tell someone else what
you're looking for and then I mentioned
then they give it back to you so quasi
there's like easy why I actually
remember cause he still wants cuddles so
the future makes you more cuddly with
locally happening easy may finally give
us he goes but for now she doesn't have
to haul so she's a bit
same with Ozzy Ozzy making eventually
decided to give your personal space is a
good idea
in which case
actually personally so that was this
well now move on here to become
important miles they make them finding
them and find a new person to swap and
then making to spit them back out
that was how I think that works
[Applause]
okay it's a grand sitting these you see
in the glass station that's what
actually goes right below them grabs
think is the next protocol for fetching
data so bit swap like it's not like I
tell you this at them you said things I
want you tell me some things you want
was prancing I give you a description of
the subset of some marbles there gurgle
tree that I want and you give them that
to give back to all ones so probably
that's all I'm trying to like walk down
a factory tree I would have to ask you
for this piece you'd give me this beast
then it's a no actually I want the last
block so I want block in the back or a
machine whatever you did D so I would
ask me for this means back to me and
they say oh I want this last piece so
Tata scale is being affected unfortunate
means they have to do one more trip for
this is one round trip for this and the
whole merger for this and it's gonna be
really slow with Network let's grab
saying I can actually just describe his
entire roster to all months where I can
just say hey I want the last block this
file or what imagine two makers that
recursively say like I want the last
link of this node as Merkle tree and
then the last link of its child classic
this travel to find the image the
records of the the final charge that's
what gossip is next question
okay so how does grass think we're like
paralysing fetching mobile gears okay at
the moment the critical asian doesn't it
just like you tell it fetched in this
one here in theory the way this will
work is like you start asking one gear
for sorry some up here for something
like it's up set up dag and then you can
like send them update person actually
don't care about the subset and then you
go and send that subset another pair
this is a complicated so the next step
in implanted graft sent will be the
combining pieces of its walls with
pieces of ram singh you make like a
system you can W choose but your senses
[Applause]